I have a 3JS application that I want to do here the HTML file is empty other moment and so is the main JS file who are 3JS needs to be imported and we need to work on a animation these animation it's fairly easy. 
I'll try to be descriptive as possible to tell you about the end result that I'm looking for. 
We create a 3JS in that will take up the whole width and height of the page in the background full with will be a simple minimalistic 3D background that will give 3 dimension to the whole scene. 
The background should work as a background meaning there is no interaction with the background and it's sold purpose is to give depth to the scene. 
Weekend divide the scene in 2 rows 1 above the other the 2 rows should take respectively 33% of the height at the top and below 66% of the height to make up for the whole height of the viewport that means that we divide the space into another row of 33% height and a lower row where of 606% of height. 
Inside the first row at the top we have 3 subjects that will work as a buttons this buttons are a combination of text and imagery which can be either a 3D model or an SVG the Android result foresee 3 whole subjects each subject representing text and imagery this subjects will work as buttons to display the relative content on the lower row of 66% of height. 
In the 66% row we will display the content related to the button that as being clicked or hovered in here at the moment we just let it be some space because later on we will decide how to take this development for the content but 1 thing that we know for sure is that this space is aimed at the content represented relative to the section selected the section selected is selected by the buttons the buttons in the upper row will represent each a section. 
These 3 buttons in the upper row are called respectively column animations, web development, design. Let's start setting up the scene without actually creating it manually but rather maybe finding some resources on the web because this should just work as an indication of 3D space so we could also opt for a grid three-dimensional grid that gives depth to the scene